Create rule S6304: Having AWS policies that grant access to all resources of an account is security-sensitive (#164)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6304/ask-yourself.adoc

== Ask Yourself Whether

The AWS account:

> * has more than one resource with different sensitivities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* has more than one resource with different levels of sensitivitiy.
```
